Update link to hello world code repository - Closes #980 (#981)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/hello-world.adoc

A simple react frontend to complement the Hello World blockchain application.

> Allows to create and fund new accounts, to transfer tokens, send hello transactions, and shows account details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the user to create and fund new accounts, transfer tokens, send hello transactions, and show account details.
```
